# When-Presidential-Body-Doubles-Go-Wrong
Most presidents have a twin Bill Clinton has a "fuck-junkie" brother named and Paul. John Kennedy had a drunken-pimp of a brother named Ken.  "Hillary told me one day that she 'would rather be with paul than me. I was done being president and she was done with me' I walk away and now everyone thinks that skinny faggot is me. I wear jeans and I don't cross my legs like a bitch. I Sit like a god damn man and watch baseball with my family. Hillary may have been mad about Monica but I really did not fuck her. She would come into the office drunk from her sorority and fart and show us her ass and tits and some more stuff and we would kick her out. We could not fire the student, and when she caused a scene she fired off on me. The dress was something Hillary was working on for her because she used to insist on tailoring everyone's outfits herself. Me and Hillary were having sex one day and I said 'fuck this bitch right here' and pulled out and busted right on the blue dress. We weren't trying to get pregnant and I hated that girl and I thought my wife was wasting her time on it. I have not talked to Hillary in over 15 years. I am not skinny and sick, I look like Charles Atlas." -Bill Clinton

"I enjoyed going out with my marine friends on the BUDS missions for days at a time. I let ken play me for a month while I was in Cuba and it went too far. He did not know shit about space, and he went into illegal businesses with my capital investments. My name was contractually stuck and my wife told me she had been raped and 'drug along with a phony'. Ken tried to steal my life and kidnap my wife. I told him Cuban cigars made by child sex slaves before they had their throats slit were being sold worldwide and he ordered a box while I was negotiating the embargo over cuban payphones. I promised my wife over the phone that I would kill him and I shot him from a grassy Knoll on the day we came back. Yea George Bush was there, yea we had multiple snipers in Texas during the prime of special warfare. I splattered his fucking brains and burned him. My wife is still a doll and she is still with me." -JFK
